c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\BootstrapPopupExample.dll.config
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\BootstrapPopupExample.dll
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\BootstrapPopupExample.pdb
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\obj\Debug\BootstrapPopupExample.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\obj\Debug\BootstrapPopupExample.dll
c:\users\kozakp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\obj\Debug\BootstrapPopupExample.pdb
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\BootstrapPopupExample.dll.config
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\BootstrapPopupExample.dll
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\BootstrapPopupExample.pdb
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\EntityFramework.dll
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Owin.dll
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\WebGrease.dll
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\EntityFramework.xml
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\obj\Debug\BootstrapPopupExample.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\obj\Debug\BootstrapPopupExample.dll
\\10.31.25.5\ITFejlesztok\Examples\MVC\Tutorial\BootstrapPopupExample\BootstrapPopupExample\obj\Debug\BootstrapPopupExample.pdb
